[cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D.
Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended
to win a tournament
that promised the Flame-Flame
fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when Law
was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
You can leave all the
factory smashin' up to us!
All of you stay safe, okay?
Roger that!
[LUFFY]
Traffy's life is at stake.
Rebecca's wish is at stake.
And he's the one
controlling it all.
We're gonna head
straight for the palace!
Then beat the hell
outta Doflamingo!
[NARRATOR]
While Luffy storms the palace,
the final round begins
at the coliseum.
Meanwhile, the Tontatta
carry out a plan
to put an end to Sugar's power.
[MARINE A] Cyborg Franky's down!
I think we're done here!
[FRANKY groans] Usopp.
I'm countin' on you, bro.
I know you're gonna start
that riot any second now.
You got this!
[groans]
I'm fine, Young Master.
The enemy's barely even
conscious anymore.
Usoland, wake up!
[groans]
Why don't you take this
poison grape of yours back?
[COTTON cries]
That's our only hope!
The Tatababasco grape!
[SUGAR]
It's better if you eat it.
Drop dead, will you?
[USOPP grunts]
[USOPP gulps]
[LUFFY] "The Legend Is Back!
Kyros' All-out Blow!"
[screams]
[SUGAR screaming]
[LEO]
The moment that Sugar faints
is the moment when
every toy in the kingdom
regains their human
form at long last.
[LEO] The truth of this
land will be revealed.
All of Doflamingo's evil will
be dragged out into the light!
[KYROS]
How will Doflamingo respond?
How will the Navy respond?
[KYROS] What will the
people of this kingdom do
when their memories
return at last?
Will they be crushed by
the weight of their guilt?
Or will they riot
in the streets?
[KYROS]
Or perhaps...
...they will fight beside us!
[TREBOL]
What?!
No!
S-S-Sugar passed out!
[gasps]
[gasps] He did it!
[BOTH gasps]
[GROUP gasps]
[SULEIMAN groans]
[BOTH gasp]
[SAI]
Huh?
--[ABDULLAH gasps]
--[CAVENDISH] Incredible.
[TOYS shout, cheer]
What the heck is going on here?
All the toys, they're-- [gasps]
They're growing big! [shrieks]
Some of them are
growing really big!
[HAJRUDIN]
I'm back!
Yeah!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
What the hell?!
[KELLY]
You piece of crap!
You think you can push
around Kelly Funk?
Huh?!
Now, now, don't--
Oops, wrong guy.
Screw you!
[LEO gasps]
Flapper?
[FLAPPER]
Leo!
Ahh!
You're okay! I'm okay!
[LEO cries]
[BOMBA, BIAN]
Finally!
[LEO]
Operation S.O.P. is a success!
[DWARVES cheer]
Sugar! Hey!
Wake up! Hey, please!
For me? [screams]
This is really bad!
[MARINE A]
Something's happening!
Uh, what?
Those toys are acting
rather strangely.
[TOY MAN I gasps]
My body!
[TOYS gasp]
[WOMAN A gasps]
Who are you?
[TOY GIRL A grunts, gasps]
What's happening to me?
I'm human now!
[TOY MAN H]
I need that!
[TOY MAN H yells]
[MARIO yelps]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL clicks]
[TREBOL]
Doffy! I'm sorry! I goofed!
I goofed real bad!
Trebol, tone it down!
Did something happen to Sugar?
[TREBOL]
She-She-She passed out!
She got scared and passed out!
[gasps]
What happened in there?
He said Sugar passed out?
[DOLDO]
Hm?
[BOTH gasp]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hey.
This supposed to
be some kind of joke?!
[TREBOL] The slaves we've
been collecting for a whole
ten years are all
turning back to normal!
The Hobby-Hobby Fruit
powers are wearing off!
[DOFLAMINGO growls]
[VIOLET gasps] They did it! The
Tontatta's plan must've worked!
See? Told you! Usopp took
care of it, no biggie!
Hey, look!
There, at the coliseum!
[CROWD shouting]
I'm back!
[TOY WOMAN A]
Honey!
[MAN B]
I remember now!
What's going on? The toys
in the coliseum are--
Huh?! Uh?! What's goin' on here?
Look at the toys!
They're turning into humans!
[GORILLA A snarls]
[CROWD screaming]
[GYATS]
Also animals, apparently!
They got her. Sugar.
We worked a whole decade
enslaving all of them!
Musta found Sugar and given
her a trounce-een, huh?
Pathetic.
That miserable pipsqueak.
But still...
I sure hope she wasn't hurt.
[WOMEN] Aw! You care
about her, don't you?
Even though you
call her mean names!
That's so hard-boiled!
[TRANSPONDER SNAILS ringing]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
Palace, please answer!
Sir, all of these emergency
reports keep piling up!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
We've got a situation at Sevio!
The toys working at the port
suddenly turned into pirates!
[PIRATE A yells]
[TRANSPONDER SNAILS ringing]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Hey, this is Carta here!
The toys, they turned
into Dressrosan soldiers!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE J]
They turned into
government officials!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
Marines and foreign royalty!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L]
Wild animals!
They're in the Primula District!
[ELEPHANT trumpets]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L screams]
Send help!
Young Master?!
[TOY MAN F]
I'm finally human again!
[DOFLAMINGO growls]
[TOY WOMAN B]
I'm so glad!
[DOFLAMINGO growls]
[TOWNSGIRL A yelps]
[DOFLAMINGO groans]
[groaning]
[ROBIN] Hang in there!
[LEO]
Usoland!
[DWARVES]
Me and everyone else.
We all became human
again, thanks to you!
[DWARVES]
Usoland, you did it!
You did it, Usoland!
Operation S.O.P. is
a success thanks to you!
[DWARVES crying]
[LEO] All the people you saved,
they're smiling and cheering!
[MILO barks]
What's wrong, Onepoko?
Mom! My toy is
acting real weird!
[MILO barks]
[MILO'S SON yelps]
[MILO'S WIFE gasps]
What? Onepoko?
Hold on, are you...? [gasps]
But how? My darling.
Is that you?
[MILO gasps]
I turned back!
[MILO'S WIFE]
Honey!
[MILO'S SON]
D-Dad! You're not Onepoko!
That's right! Finally!
[MILO'S SON]
Daddy!
[MILO'S WIFE]
I don't understand.
Why have we forgotten
about you all this time?
That's how the power works!
I thought I'd be a toy forever!
[MILO laughing]
Hey, Daddy, can you
lift me up high?
Uh-huh! Like this?
[MILO'S SON, MILO laughing]
[ZORO]
Damn it! Gone quiet on me again?
Where'd you run off to,
you stone bastard?
[FRANKY]
Usopp. Little Bros.
Looks like Operation Sugar
Over-Surprised Panic
is a success.
Super good job out there,
everybody. [groans]
[USOPP gasps]
C'mon, Usopp!
You can't die!
This is it.
I'm done for.
[BOBOMBA] Usoland, no!
You have to wake up!
After all you've done,
it can't end here!
[DWARVES]
Usoland, no! Please don't die.
[DWARF B]
Our hero has fallen!
[USOPP groans]
Come look!
[ALL crying]
[gasps]
I, uh...
I'm not dead yet.
Usoland-- [gasps]
[ALL crying, grunt]
[USOPP groans, sighs]
[gasps]
Yeah! Our hero's
alive after all!
[DWARVES cheering]
You scared me.
Thanks, Usoland! I never
stopped believing in you!
[USOPP groaning]
[DWARVES gasp]
Everything went
according to plan.
[DWARVES]
You're so cool!
[panting] And don't worry.
You can leave the
rest to my friends.
The real battle...
...has just begun.
[groans]
[DWARVES]
Okay!
[MILO, MILO'S SON laughing]
[rumbling]
[CROWD gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
[ELEPHANT trumpets]
Somebody, help me! Please!
--[ALL yelp]
--[MILO] Run!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
[GROUP panting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE P panting]
It's you!
Huh? Have we met before?
[MILO growls] Yeah, I'm that dog
you've been pushing around,
Onepoko!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE P]
Hurry it up already, ya mutt!
Huh?! Seriously?
How dare you treat me that way?!
How dare you treat
me like a slave?!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE R screams]
You think you're
getting off the hook?
Hurry! Send some backup!
The pirates are going crazy!
[PIRATE C]
Hey!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE Q squeals]
[PIRATE D] You think
we'll let you off that easy?
[PIRATE A]
C'mon, men!
We have suffered for years!
Now make them pay!
[PIRATES shout]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G screams]
That sounds bad! You okay? Hey?!
You kicked me and
bossed me around!
Is that any way
to treat a lady?!
Get back here! I'll murder you!
Esta!
[ESTA gasps]
I just remembered.
What's that?
I already have a boyfriend!
[MAN A gasps]
How dare you cheat on me?!
I'm sorry! I forgot
about you somehow!
I was forgotten
for a whole decade!
Doflamingo must die!
[TOWNSMAN A]
Rise up! Take down Doflamingo!
I can't believe that rotten king
tricked us for all these years!
You've lost it!
He's a fine leader!
We only thought that
because he hid the truth.
[WOMAN A gasps]
He's really a demon!
I'll have your head, Doflamingo!
[TOWNSMEN yelling]
Get out here and fight!
I've got ten years of suffering,
I need to pay you back for!
Hey, Issho. Any clue
what's happening?
[FUJITORA] It would appear
that tides have turned.
Despite all appearances,
there is a deep darkness here.
Much deeper than
I had anticipated.
Darkness? Like how?
[FUJITORA grunts]
Take revenge on
Doflamingo's men!
We'll turn this port
into a sea of blood!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES whimper]
[CAVENDISH]
How beautiful!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[ELEPHANT trumpets]
[SNAKE hisses]
Let us take our kingdom back!
[TOWNSMAN F]
Go to hell, Doflamingo!
You bastards. You'll pay!
[KYROS] ♪ This toy soldier
is brave and true. ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
♪ This toy soldier
is brave and true. ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
[inaudible]
[VIOLET gasps]
[DOLDO] To think
I had forgotten so much.
[inaudible]
[KYROS]
It's Kyros! Please, believe me!
[DOLDO]
Kyros?
[KYROS]
Yes!
Sorry. I fear that
name doesn't ring a bell.
[DOLDO]
But now, I remember it clearly!
[VIOLET gasps]
[LUFFY gasps]
Who's that cape guy?
Kyros, it's you!
Huh?
[VIOLET]
Even I lost my memories of him.
[LUFFY] I don't get it.
What d'you mean?
Uh? Hey! Where's the soldier?
That man is him.
[LUFFY]
Huh? How's that work?
Originally, the toys
were human like us.
When they changed, they were
erased from our memories.
The girl who did this,
Sugar, passed out just now.
So our memories
all came flooding back!
[gasping]
[VIOLET] He's the former
captain of King Riku's Army,
Kyros!
[VIOLET] The strongest gladiator
in the history of the coliseum!
[LUFFY] Wait, the guy
they have the statue of?
[VIOLET]
Yes, but more than that,
he's my brother-in-law--
Rebecca's father!
[LUFFY gasps] But she said
she didn't know that guy!
Once our memories are lost,
they can't be regained
till Sugar is stopped.
Even so, he's watched over his
daughter for the past ten years.
[VIOLET] Even though he was
only a toy soldier to her,
he's stayed by
her side every day
protecting her
the best he could.
Hey, who goes there?
[KYROS yells]
It's you!
Kyros, my boy!
Sir!
[KYROS]
I'm sorry to keep you waiting
these ten long years, King Riku.
But now,
I'm here to save you!
[KYROS yells]
[BUFFALO, BABY 5 gasp]
Huh?!
[gasps]
[BOTH gasp]
We shall reclaim this kingdom!
At long last!
[NARRATOR] Kyros handily
defeats Doflamingo,
sending his associates in the
palace into a state of panic.
Meanwhile, the battle at the
coliseum reaches its climax.
At last, the fate of
the Flame-Flame Fruit
will be decided.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Fire Fist Strikes!
The Flame-Flame Fruit
Power Returns!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!